Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Next.
Name. Candidate Number.
Alex Small. Candidate number 152.
Hey.
Is anyone sitting here?
Um. No.
No one's sat there.
By the way...
Liv.
You know my name?
Um... Sorry... You...
No. No.
Don't worry.
I might know yours.
It's...
Umm...
Oh. Alex.
Yep.
Yeah. Of course. Yeah.
Um.
Well. Alex. Nice to meet you... And see you around. I guess.
Hey. Who do you think will get the part?
Umm... I'm not sure.
You're new aren't you?
No.
Oh yeah?
Yeah. Yeah. I've been in a couple of productions.
Oh. sorry.
Which company have you acted for?
Well...
They were at school. actually.
Oh.
Good morning.
Well done on getting this far.
But it's high stakes from now on.
If you can't take it. go do some amateur production. Yeah?
Right. Here's the list.
Oli. You're Scholar Two.
David. You're Scholar One. the Chorus. and Robin.
Camille. You're Wagner and the Emperor.
You did a good audition. You got yourself two big parts.
But we're doing callbacks for the leads.
For Alex and Charlie.
Who?
Alex Small. Here's here at the front.
He was good.
He earned a second viewing.
Callbacks will be on Monday.
Charlie at four. Alex at four-thirty.
Learn pages one-nine-four to seven.
Thanks guys.
For fuck's sake.
You alright?
No I don't.
You know doing that'll kill you.
The cigarettes will kill you obviously.
But no one thinks about dying of a habit.
A habit that will make you an expert in killing yourself.
Go to a doctor. try to save yourself. But they're not gonna help you. Why would they?
In their eyes you deserve to die because you smoked cigarettes.
Go on then. Light it. The damage is done. I suppose.
How rude of me... Elliot.
Alex.
Tonne of emails to get through.
One of our guys. Michael. just signed this girl. Grace.
She couldn't rip her way out of a paper bag.
She said in her resume that she could speak Italian.
So what did I do? I had her sent out to Milan for an audition.
Turns out... Michael. the idiot. was more concerned about her bra size
than her resume. I think.
What do you do. Alex?
I'm an actor.
No shit.
What's your next show?
Dr Faustus.
Dr Faustus. Yeah. I remember you.
The sweaty one.
Sweaty?
How'd you think it went?
Got a call back.
Done much acting before?
Um.
Sorry -- could I get a light?
You alright?
Yeah. Yeah. Fine.
Carry on. You were saying?
Yeah. No. I--
I thought about going to acting school.
That's a nice thought.
My parents and teachers didn't really back me.
And you believed them?
It's not that simple.
Course it isn't.
What would I know?
I'm sorry I--
No. I get it. You're either the director's type or the son of somebody.
I know.
Doesn't that piss you off?
A bit.
You know Tom's already made up his mind.
About Camille. Not about you.
He loves Camille.
Camille makes Italian Grace look like Anna Magnani.
Thought about what you're gonna do on Monday?
Not really.
Don't you have a plan?
Well... I thought... Maybe--
Look. Alex.
The best people I work with.
They'll read a script a hundred times before they go into an audition.
The ones who don't...
They're a waste of time.
I don't like to waste my time.
Do you mind waiting here a minute?
Yeah. Sure.
Nice work.
Come on.
Good luck mate.
Ok. We'll go from the first paragraph of page sixty.
Now hast thou but one bare hour to live.
And then thou must be damned perpetually.
Um... Let's take it back a bit.
Slower and bring the volume down a bit.
From perpetual.
Perpetual day
Or let this hour be but... Um...
A year... A month... A week.
A natural day.
That Faustus may repent and save his soul.
The stars run still.
Alex. Stop.
I'm sorry. Can I get some water?
Yeah.
What's going on?
I'm not sure.
What?
I can't do it.
There'll be other times.
No. There won't.
I'm not waiting thirty auditions for my part.
Your part.
Your part. You are hilarious.
Waiting that long isn't fair.
That you should earn your part like everyone else?
What would you know about that?
Don't question me.
It isn't helping.
Make them need you.
How?
Be like the petrol you put in your car.
What?
Become necessary.
Look.
Charlie's audition was average.
He'll end up at a mid-sized city theatre doing Shakespeare in the park.
That's it.
Both his parents were actors.
Average ones.
But what's he done with that?
Your parents were what?
Accountants? Lawyers? Doctors?
Mum's a teacher.
Teacher.
And your dad?
Exactly.
I don't think Charlie deserves the part.
Do you?
Can I do the start of act three?
Yeah. If that means you'll get it right.
Having now. my good Mephistopheles.
Pass'd with delight the stately town of Trier.
Environ'd round with airy mountain-tops.
With walls of flint. and deep-entrenched lakes.
Not to be won by any conquering prince;
From Paris next. coasting the realm of France.
We saw the river Maine fall into Rhine.
Whose banks are set with groves of fruitful vines;
Then up to Naples. rich Campania.
Whose buildings fair and gorgeous to the eye.
The streets straight forth. and pav'd with finest brick.
Quarter the town in four equivalents: There saw we learned Maro's golden tomb.
The way he cut. an English mile in length.
Thorough a rock of stone. in one night's space;
From thence to Venice. Padua. and the rest.
In one of which a sumptuous temple stands.
That threats the stars with her aspiring top.
Thus hitherto hath Faustus spent his time:
But tell me now what resting-place is this?
Get in.
I want you two to try something.
Play out the scene between you.
Alex. reading for Faustus. Charlie. for Mephistopheles.
Here. use this.
I want to see the dynamic between you.
Let's go from page hundred and eighty eight.
From. accursed Faustus.
Accursed Faustus. where is mercy now?
I do repent; and yet I do despair:
Hell strives with grace for conquest in my breast:
What shall I do to shun the snares of death?
Thou traitor. Faustus. I arrest thy soul
For disobedience to my sovereign lord:
Revolt. and I'll in piecemeal tear thy flesh.
Torment sweet friend.
That durst dissuade me from thy Lucifer.
Um... That's it.
Yeah. We'll stick with these roles.
Tomorrow. Eight thirty. be there.
We're doing Wagner and the Scholars on page hundred-and-twenty-two.
Hey Liv.
Alex. Hey.
Did you get my?
Doesn't matter.
How do you fancy getting a drink?
Or a chat? Sometime.
Yeah. Yeah. Sure.
That sounds really nice.
Well... What about now?
Um. Yeah.
Yeah.
That sounds great.
Yeah. Ok.
How did you know where I was gonna be in the library?
It's where we first met.
Oh yeah.
Yeah. I like that spot.
Oh yeah? How come?
Just... Nice view.
Kinda like up here.
Yeah.
I've never actually been up here.
Really?
Yeah.
And I used to live just over there.
How come you haven't come up?
I think I was waiting for someone to take me.
It's even better in the day. We should come back.
So what do you do up here?
I dunno. I take photos sometimes.
Really?
Let's have a look.
Oh no.
They're on a film camera.
Oh. Like a polaroid?
Pretty much.
Just like a proper film one.
That's really cool.
Yeah it was my dad's. actually.
Is he a photographer?
No. No. He's just dad.
But yeah. I never got around to developing them.
Right. Yeah.
My dad has this vintage vinyl player.
But he never lets me use it.
So. at least he trusts you with his stuff.
I don't know if he did. really.
But. anyway.
What do you listen to?
On the vinyl.
It's not mine. It's my dad's.
Yeah. but there's no way that stops you. right?
Yeah. You're right.
What would you play?
No. You first.
Why?
Because if I tell you. you're going to think I'm a massive nerd.
Trust me. My taste is worse. I guarantee.
It can't be.
Yeah.
What is it?
Well. They're kinda lame but...
No. I can't. I can already feel the judgment.
I'll just have to assume the worst then.
Oh yeah? What's that?
Fleetwood Mac. probably.
Why?
They're for hippies...
And for middle-aged women who think they're cool.
Ok. Well. I like them.
You... Like them?
Yeah.
Fleetwood Mac?
I love Fleetwood Mac.
That makes me look quite bad. doesn't it?
A little bit.
So. what are you into. then. Alex?
Oh. You know. The Rolling Stones... The Cure.
Mostly cool 70s and 80s rock.
Josh tells me you're in a play?
Yeah.
How'd you know him?
We do English together.
Oh yeah.
You know. for an actor I always thought you were quite shy.
In lectures you always had your head down.
Looking around somewhere.
My sister says I do that.
I always wondered if I'd be in a class with you and find out.
But...
I guess I was never meant to know.
And I guess you never will.
Oh. Won't I?
Maybe.
Ok...
It's Faustus. right?
Yeah.
I'm surprised Josh remembered that.
Oh. He didn't.
Who's directing?
Tom Sutton.
Produced by this guy. Elliot.
Wow. He's serious.
You must be good.
Who are you playing?
Um.
Faustus. I think.
You think?
So you are Faustus?
A modest actor. How strange.
What's up?
Doesn't matter.
You're hardly boastful.
Oh yeah?
Yeah. I heard you were a bit of a prodigy.
Not just a bit.
Ok. I take that back.
I'm kidding.
Remember that time Professor Thompson did that lecture on 17th century Chinese seeds?
Yeah. That's what I was gonna say.
How could I forget that?
So weird.
He's quite cute. though.
Do you not feel?
I feel like you've said that before.
Do you fancy him?
Maybe...
People tend to know when I like them.
See you. Alex.
Good.
Sorry I'm late.
Why are you late?
Sorry. I just popped to the loo.
Brilliant. Would have thought someone your age would be able to
Control his own bladder.
What?
Go on. Off you go.
I'm like a minute late.
Yes. Late being the operative word.
It's just a minute.
It's the first rehearsal. What kind of precedent are you trying to set?
Tom. Chill out.
Come in. David.
Just. Don't turn up late to my rehearsals. Ok?
Ok. For those of you who haven't heard.
I've chosen Alex to be Faustus.
And Charlie to be Mephistopheles.
Did you get that. David?
Yeah. Loud and clear.
Don't let me down.
Ok!
Camille. David. Charlie. You are up.
Page forty.
Use your own scripts.
Add your own movements and we'll work on it from there.
Ok?
Well. sirrah. follow me.
But. do you hear? If I should serve you. would you teach me to raise up Banios and Belcheos?
I will teach thee to turn thyself to any thing.
to a cat. or a dog. or a mouse. or a rat. or any thing.
How! A Christian fellow-
Let's stop it there.
David. Are you with us today?
Yeah. Yeah. Of course.
Show me. Right now you're acting like C3PO without an WD40.
Ok. Sorry.
Don't apologise. David. That won't make it any better.
Camille. Show us how it's done.
Give us the Emperor's monologue on page a hundred and seventy two.
Then. Doctor Faustus. mark what I shall say.
As I was sometimes solitary set within my closet sundry thoughts arose about the honour of mine ancestors.
How they had won by prowess such exploits.
Got such riches. subdu'd so many kingdoms.
As we that do succeed. or they that shall
Hereafter possess our throne. shallI fear me
Never attain to that degree
Of high renown and great authority:
Amongst which kings is Alexander the Great.
Chief spectacle of the world's pre-eminence.
The bright shining of whose glorious acts
Lightens the world with his reflecting beams.
As when I hear but motion made of him.
It grieves my soul I never saw the man:
Camille. Can you read?
Well?
Can you read?
I'm trying it's just.
Just what?
I only got the part last week.
Can you believe it? A whole week to brush up on your handful of lines?
It's a lot.
Really?
Charlie's doing much better and he only got the part last week.
But... I mean he's done this kind of thing before.
Thing? What thing?
Please. Enlighten me.
Enlighten us.
Well. His style is not what I'm used to.
What I'm used to...
And you do you think Rada cares one bit.
One tiny little bit if you haven't done this kind of thing before?
No.
They'll get someone better.
Maybe I should do that.
You've made your point.
No. I haven't. I'm just wondering why you turn up looking
Like you've been out the night before to our first rehearsal?
Are you trying to ruin my show?
No.
Tom. You've made your point.
Shut up! There's no way someone who's going to Rada acts like that.
Ever.
Maybe mummy and daddy can help with that.
But not in my show and not in my rehearsal.
Do you have any idea how important that monologue is?
You do it anything like that and you've ruined the whole show.
So I'll ask you again.
Are you trying to ruin my show?!
What?
You're awfully quiet for an actor.
So I'll ask you one more time.
Are you trying to ruin my show?!
Control yourself! You've done enough here.
Yeah it's our show as much as it is yours.
Actually look.
Here goes your show.
Wait. What are you doing? We've got twenty minutes left here.
No. You do.
Same time tomorrow.
Alex.
You stayed.
You starting to see the level I want you at.
Yeah.
This is the big leagues.
That right there. What I just did.
That's normal.
That's how all the greats do it.
Those guys are used to it anyway.
It didn't really seem like it.
Camille. She'll be fine.
We go way back.
She loves herself too much.
But...
It didn't even look that bad.
What?
That performance?
That's why I'm the director and Camille...
Well...
She just
Needs to be reminded who's in charge.
He just wants her.
And that works for Camille.
What? In your opinion?
No. From experience.
Something you lack.
So what's my version of getting shouted at?
Not sure yet.
If he shouted at you. you'd cry like a little bitch.
Food for thought.
Starting to get the picture?
Yeah.
It's pretty clear. thanks.
Don't be like that.
I'm on your side.
Great.
Can't wait for some more life coaching.
Yeah. well. I'm the only friend you have.
You're not the only friend I have.
Do you see how much we believe in you?
Yeah.
No pressure. then.
He made her cry in front of all of us.
He did that in front of all of you?
Yeah.
He made her cry?
Yes.
Don't you think that's a bit much?
Not really.
He'll get the best out of us.
Wait so.
How made who cry?
Tom Sutton.
Is that supposed to mean something?
Yes.
He's a big director here.
Oh.
Ok.
That's good. then.
Sure.
But I just can't imagine getting so worked up over a play.
It's more than a play.
If he got like that with you. you'd stand up for yourself. right?
I'm sure he would.
If I'd been performing badly. probably not.
That's stupid.
Is it?
Well. yes. It is for a university play.
You gotta start thinking beyond that now. Alex.
Miles just got an offer for a PhD at King's.
And your sister got an interview at Taylor and Sharp next month.
Wow. Quite the power couple.
Can't you just be proud of her?
I am.
It's ok.
No. It's not.
When's the interview?
Twenty-first or twenty-second.
Four weeks or so.
Oh. Hey. I was thinking maybe
We could go away together. Spend a few days--
Wait. Hold on. That's the same day as the play.
Oh well. There'll be another in a few weeks.
No there won't.
Wait. They'll probably cancel.
Why would they do that?
Sometimes they fill the positions and they cancel.
Rarely.
So you don't mind being told you're not good enough
Without getting a sitting?
No. It's different.
It's a job.
And a PhD is?
When you get to our age you'll understand.
I understand fine thanks.
It's so uncertain. So few people make it.
Why's that so laughable?
Because you. my friend. would be more successful if you were more serious.
No. Miles.
Piss off.
What do you know anyway?
Clearly. more than you.
I don't have to hear this.
Enjoy wasting your time on a qualification that means nothing.
It was awful.
It was like three hours long.
With an intermission.
With two intermissions. actually.
Far too long.
Actors didn't even know their lines.
Yeah. No. They had scripts in the last act.
Really?
Genuinely reading off them.
Way too echoey.
Tech was too loud.
Yeah. Yeah. Just a mess. really.
What's this?
Hamlet. These two went to see it last night.
Really?
Apparently it was a disaster.
You didn't say anything about that.
Didn't I?
It was really bad. anyway.
But that won't happen to us. That's why we're here now.
Yeah. We were just saying we really liked the last run-through.
Yeah.
Hi guys.
How's it going?
What? Is this is a rehearsal?
Hi. I'm Tom.
Who the fuck are you?!
I'm Alex's girlfriend.
Sorry. What is this?
What is this? Tell me. What's going on?
Something funny?
You stay the fuck here.
Speaking.
Yes. We'll be ready for Wednesday.
Yes. Even him.
Don't worry about it. We'll stick to the plan and everything will be ok.
I've got this.
Ok. Stop.
What the fuck is going on here?
And who are you?
I'm Alex's girlfriend.
We just thought we'd run some lines.
Which scenes?
End of act five.
Are you blocking?
A bit.
We thought.
You thought you'd just turn up and do your own thing.
No just--
Fan-fucking-tastic.
I mean what do I know? And what does that make you?
The director or something?
Obviously not.
Then. why are you here?
She's just watching.
You can't just invite your mates.
No!
Tom. right?
Don't talk to them like that.
Because they're doing this for you.
You're so arrogant.
Who's in charge here?
Hmm?
I am.
That's just great.
No you aren't!
Are you trying to undermine me?
No.
Really? It sure looks like it.
It's nothing. We were just practicing.
And what's another word for practicing?
I dunno. Rehearsal.
Well done.
I don't know if you've noticed.
But I'm the one who calls those around here.
Not you!
It's really nothing.
This is Marlowe. as directed by me.
And acted by you.
I make the show
You
Just do it.
Would you just calm it for one second.
Just get out.
I'm guessing you want us to stop?
No. Camille.
Of course I want you to stop.
Now get out.
Just leave!
I don't wanna be here anyway.
Not you.
You're kidding aren't you?
Leave him!
I'll tell you when I want you back in my rehearsal.
I thought you'd be different.
Well. That was fun.
Liv's your girlfriend.
She's lovely.
Yeah. She is.
That's nice. Isn't it?
She likes me.
Well done.
Good job.
What were you doing here?
What?
Here.
Right here. Why were you here?
We were rehearsing.
Rehearsing.
Which scenes?
The final act.
The whole final act.
Together.
Without Tom.
Yeah.
Jesus.
You have absolutely no idea what you've just done. Do you?
No.
Remember when I told you to become necessary?
We were only rehearsing.
Oh shut the fuck up!
You're never going to be scouted you insubordinate worm.
It's always about the girl with you precious arty pricks.
I'll drive you two apart.
Do you want that?
Leave her out of this.
Show me your lines on one-nine-seven.
What?
The reason you were here. Show me.
Ah Faustus. now hast thou but-
Stand up. You perpetual idiot.
Ah Faustus. now hast thou-
Did I ask you to start speaking?
Compose yourself as the character first.
And then maybe say the lines.
Ah Faustus. now hast thou but one-
No.
Ah Faustus. now hast thou but one bare-
Ah Faustus. now hast thou-
Stop.
Say it again.
Ah Faustus. now hast thou-
No. That's not it.
Ah Faustus. now-
No.
Ah Faustus-
Ah Faustus. now-
Again.
Ah Faustus. now hast thou but one bare hour to live-
No.
Ah Faustus. now hast thou but one bare hour-
Ah Faustus-
No.
No. No. No.
Ah Faustus. now hast thou but one bare hour to live-
Ah Faustus. Ah Faustus.
Say it.
Ah Faustus.
Mean it!
How long do you have left to live?
One hour.
Sixty minutes!
Who's coming to take you away?!
The devil!
The devil. I'm going to ram this into your fucking skull!
Ah Faustus-
Say it!
Mean it!
Ah Faustus-
It's your fucking name!
In your last moment on earth
Show me how you fucking feel!
Ah Faustus. now hast thou but one bare hour to live
And then thou must be damned perpetually.
Did I give you permission to stop speaking?
No.
I did.
If you think about it.
If you really think about it.
Liv stood up for herself in there.
Not both of you.
Ok. Listen up!
It's been a long month.
You... Well. we. have all had some lows.
But the standard you set tonight decides whether people will pay to see this.
Or if they'll stay at home.
So. bring your A game because this right here.
Could be the start of something.
Give them the respect they deserve.
Give yourselves the respect you deserve.
But most importantly give me the respect of a good show.
Make this moment worth it.
Ok. Get into your starting positions.
Not marching now in fields of Thrasymene.
Where Mars did matel the Carthaginians;
Nor sporting in the dalliance of love.
In courts of kings where state is overturn'd;
Nor in the pomp of proud audacious deeds.
Intends our Muse to vaunt her heavenly verse:
Only this. gentlemen. we must perform
The form of Faustus' fortunes. good or bad:
To patient judgments we appeal our plaud.
And speak for Faustus in his infancy.
Now is he born. his parents base of stock.
In Germany. within a town call'd Rhodes:
Of riper years. to Wertenberg he went.
Whereas his kinsmen chiefly brought him up.
So soon he profits in divinity.
The fruitful plot of scholarism grac'd.
That shortly he was grac'd with doctor's name.
Excelling all whose sweet delight disputes
In heavenly matters of theology;
Till swoln with cunning. of a self-conceit.
His waxen wings did mount above his reach.
And. melting. heavens conspir'd his overthrow;
For. falling to a devilish exercise.
I do repent; and yet I do despair:
Hell strives with grace for conquest in my breast:
What shall I do to shun the snares of death?
Thou traitor. Faustus. I arrest thy soul
For disobedience to my sovereign lord:
Revolt. and I'll in piecemeal tear thy flesh
Sweet Mephistopheles. entreat thy lord
To pardon my unjust presumption.
And with my blood again I will confirm
My former vow I made to Lucifer.
Do it. then. quickly. with unfeigned heart.
Lest greater danger do attend thy drift.
Torment. sweet friend.
That durst dissuade me from thy Lucifer.
With greatest torment that hell affords...
My God. my god. look not so fierce on me!
Adders and serpents. let me breathe a while!
Ugly hell. gape not!
Come not. Lucifer!
I'll burn my books!
Mephistopheles! Mephistopheles! Mephistopheles!
Getting there guys.
Just a couple of things.
Can we go from?
Page two hundred and eight. Just before Charlie's entrance.
How many heavens or spheres are there?
Nine: the seven planets. the firmament. and the empyreal heaven.
Resolve me in this question: why have we not conjunctions
Oppositions. aspects. eclipses all at one time.
but in some years we have more. in some less?
Well. I am not answered.
Tell me who made the world.
I will not.
Mephistopheles. tell me.
Move me not for I will not tell thee.
Is this it?
Is this what I paid for?
Ay. that is not against our kingdom. but this is.
That's what the audience is going to think. Alex.
Think thou on hell. Faustus. for thou art damned.
Think. Faustus. upon God. that made the world.
Is this the lead? Who is this guy?
Remember this.
Remember youre nothing. A nobody. To anyone.
Alex! Charlie's over here.
What is this?
Listen to me.
Yeah. Yeah.
Look at him.
Tom's had enough.
Well done. You do have eyes.
What's that supposed to mean?
You know. Those.
Could I say it any clearer? Tom. along with all the others. have had enough of you.
ALEX! Turn and confront Charlie!
Ay. go. accursed spirit. to ugly hell!
Others? Like who?
Look at you.
A waste of time.
A no one. No friends. No family.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Oh fuck off. You maggot.
My boss wont even notice you tomorrow.
Oh mummy mummy. You gonna cry about it. Why the fuck does she care?
You're useless!
Tears?
You're crying now.
You really began to believe you were something.
Go away.
You aren't.
Alex. You aren't.
That's why your sister is loved more by your mother.
And that's why your girlfriend is gonna be here any second to dump you.
Because she knows what a pathetic. limp. little man you are-
Just like Tom will. And just like your dad did.
Where's dad?
Where's dad? Anyone seen his dad?
Where's dad?! Where's dad?!
Leave me alone!
Alex.
Hey.
Are you ok?
What happened?
Not sure.
Ok. It's fine.
I don't know what to do.
Let's just take a minute.
Tell me what happened.
I was there.
I was doing the lines.
And they were going pretty well.
And then... Just... Something...
What?
I was bad.
Bad how?
I don't know.
Off. Something was wrong. I don't know.
Was it Tom?
Yeah.
Well. Both of them.
Elliot.
Yeah. Both of them.
Didn't you get that?
I was just checking.
You know they aren't always right?
It's just their opinion.
And. in my opinion. I know you're gonna be great.
Think about tomorrow night.
Ok?
The hard part will be over.
Maybe we can go away over Easter.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Doesn't that sound good?
Yeah. I'm not sure how free I'm gonna be over Easter. though.
Well. I can help with coursework.
If that's what you're worried about.
Yeah...
Look. I could hear from Elliot at any moment
After the play.
Oh.
So. then what?
Well...
What do you mean?
After Elliot calls. then what?
I guess I'd go wherever he needed me.
Wherever. London. LA.
Hey. You ok?
Yeah.
Um...
Big decision.
I know.
Did you?
Where...
Do I fit into this?
Well. You can come and see me between shows.
Oh. So on your terms?
My terms? You think that's what I want?
Do you?
You're reading too much into this.
You understand how important this is.
Yes. I do.
I do.
Out of everyone. I would know.
Would you?
Yeah. I mean it's all you talk about.
Like. when?
Everyday.
Give me an example.
Every night. You go off. Elliot this. the play that.
I mean.
What about me?
You wouldn't understand.
Do you ever talk to them about me?
You don't get it.
Yeah. I bet you don't.
I do.
Ok. So what wouldn't I get?
Putting yourself out there. Taking a risk.
I wish you could just be proud of yourself.
The old you would have been.
The old me?
Yeah. Before Tom. Elliot. and the play.
This has got nothing to do with them.
Really? Are you that naive?
Naive. Isn't this what you wanted? A poster boy.
No. I didn't want this.
You don't understand because you've always had it all.
No. You don't know the slightest bit about me.
I know enough.
Which is?
That you've never taken risk.
It's a student play.
You've never supported me.
I done nothing but support you.
Then why did you put me off the other night?
Put you off?
Do you want me to fail?
Yes.
You mean. actually spend time with you.
If you'd ever taken a risk. you'd understand.
Well. I dated you didn't I?
How is dating someone taking a risk? Are you that insecure?
Insecure? You're an actor.
I act for myself.
Says every actor ever.
Like you would know.
You don't get it.
No. Just get over it.
Liv. Listen.
I can't do this.
This is me.
No listen to me.
I have to do this.
Elliot's a liar.
And you're too dumb to realise that if he was who he says he is
He wouldn't take you on.
No.
Don't come tomorrow.
It's an invite only preview.
I wanna see the others.
They're not your friends.
Is Elliot one of those?
Yeah.
He gets me.
Nobody knows who he is. Alex.
What?
You know what? I really didn't think you'd be like this.
Name. Candidate Number.
Alex Small. Candidate number 152.
Got a call back.
Done much acting before?
Yeah. No. I actually-
Sorry -- could I get a light?
You alright?
Yeah. Yeah. Fine.
So you are Faustus?
A modest actor. How strange.
What's up?
Doesn't matter.
You know the reviews are out from yesterday?
There were reviewers there yesterday?
You know. most of them haven't been in plays before.
Were they ok?
These play reviewers. it's like letting me review a pair of skis.
I dont ski  Ive never been but it looks easy with a bit of practice. Really cant be that hard.
To ski?
To review.
Right. Of course.
So. what'd they say?
The usual.
We've been tweaking. Having my lead there would have helped.
I should probably apologise to you for that.
Please. You know I hate apologies.
Like our first rehearsal?
Wait. Do you not know why I did that to you guys?
No? What was I meant to think?
I guess...
Exactly what you thought.
You made Camille cry.
And?
Why would you do that?
Why would you pick me for this?
You know... I had this music teacher at school
Mr. Colburn. A real stickler.
He practically bullied us.
How's this relevant?
Let me finish.
One day I got in early. I saw him on the school field playing with his son. But he never called out to him.
Didn't take me long to put together that he was deaf.
So. he took that out on you?
He can't do that.
Maybe he can't but he understood the process.
What process?
That he brought out the best in us because not in spite of his methods.
You're in denial. Tom.
No. Alex. Sometimes people don't know what's best for them.
Oh. And how does Camille fit into that?
Tom. They're here in five. hurry up!
You know what. Tom. you've done nothing but burden us from day one.
Alex!
And the way you stand there
The way you hold yourself is a joke
Alex. They loved it.
I hear they might want us after yesterday.
I don't get it.
There's an offer on the table.
Ok?
But it has to be both of us.
We'd have to leave to start in two weeks. It's a last minute opening.
I won't do it.
What?
Why?
Because I-
I won't-
Why?
Give me a reason
Tom
Alex. Give me an actual reason.
I won't do it for you.
Look where you are now.
That's not your doing.
Yes it is. You're just too close to realise it.
To realise what?
That we all want what's best for you.
All of us.
Lights on three.
I took a chance on you and it paid off.
Even after that ending. the reviewers loved you.
Does that make you feel any better?
Liv.
Yeah.
Does that give you the respect you crave?
Maybe it would have done at one point.
But now I don't know.
I just don't know.
Alex. What I...
What we...
Have made in you.
It's all been worth it.